= google_otg

Author::    Eric Silverberg (http://www.ericsilverberg.com)
Copyright:: Copyright (c) 2009 Eric Silverberg
License::   MIT (Go Beavers!)
Git::       http://github.com/esilverberg/google_otg/tree/master

This plugin adds helpers to include Google's pretty over time line graph in your rails application. You will
recognize this line graph from Google Analytics. 

Many features are missing, including support for multiple lines and colors. Feel free to add.

== Requirements
You must be able to generate arrays of objects that respond to "count" and "created_at". The X-axis is presumed to be dates. You can control time step of the x-axis. 

== Example Usage
In your controller:

 @hits_last_week = Hits.find_by_sql(["
    SELECT 
        DAYOFYEAR(hits.created_at) as d, 
        DATE(hits.created_at) as created_at, 
        count(*) as count
    FROM hits
    WHERE hits.created_at > UTC_TIMESTAMP() - INTERVAL 7 DAY
    GROUP BY d
    ORDER BY created_at"])

In your view:

  <%= over_time_graph(@hits_last_week) %>
  or
  <%= over_time_graph(@hits_last_week, :label => "Hits", :range => 1440, :x_label_format => "%A, %B %d", :src => "/google/OverTimeGraph.swf") %>

== +over_time_graph+

Some of the options available:

<tt>:label</tt>::                The label of quantity being measured
<tt>:range</tt>::                The time step, in minutes
<tt>:x_label_format</tt>::       The time format for the x label
<tt>:src</tt>::                  An optional local source to serve this widget (otherwise will serve from Google)

== +google_line_graph+

Example:

Some of the options available:

    google_line_graph(
        [@impressions, @conversions],
        :x_label_format => "%a, %b %d", 
        :time_zone => @time_zone, 
        :range => 1440,
        :title => @company_name,
        :legend => ['Impressions','Conversions'])

<tt>:title</tt>::               The title of this graph
<tt>:legend</tt>::              The graph legend
<tt>:title_color</tt>::         The title color
<tt>:title_size</tt>::          Title font size
<tt>:grid_lines</tt>::          Grid lines on the graph

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 esilverberg. See LICENSE for details.
